# Welcome to Critical Dates Timeline!

This is the repository for the client-side of Critical Dates Timeline. You can find the repository for the server-side of Critical Dates Timeline [here](https://github.com/julianlopez6850/critical-dates-timeline-server)!

Critical Dates Timeline is a web application used to keep track of critical dates, or important deadlines, and key milestones in real estate transactions, for title agents. It allows the agent to save 'files', which hold vital information for each real estate transaction that they are handling. It will then create a timeline for the agent of all the critical dates across all their active files in order to easily keep track of, and ensure smooth closings for, each of their real estate transactions. The agent is also able to set up automated email reminders that will detail the important deadlines that fall on the current day. Further, the application also features a To-Do List page, which tracks crucial milestones for tasks that must be completed in order to close each transaction successfully.

The web application was created for the sole use of Gary Silberman, P.A., a boutique lawfirm based in Coconut Grove, FL that specializes primarily in real estate law. The web app has proved to be very beneficial to the firm, and has increased producitvity, replacing the need to use two outdated software that were previously used by the office. As a result, the live production version of this web app is not accessible; however, you may test a 'staging environment' of the web app by visiting [https://critical-dates-schedule.web.app](https://critical-dates-schedule.web.app). Feel free to mess around with it and create your own files and dates! Keep in mind that this 'staging environment' of the application will have some notable differences from the production environment. For example, files and dates data will be stored in your browser's localStorage, rather than in a hosted database like the production version. Also, you will not have login credentials; instead you will automatically be logged in as 'GUEST'. Lastly, you will not be able to set up the automated email reminders.

This project was built using JavaScript, ReactJS, NodeJS, and MySQL, and was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).